Support ECF_SSL configuration for uw ecflow server (#933)
ufs-community/uwtools: docs/sections/user_guide/yaml/ecflow.rst

       MEM: ["01", "02"]
       LABEL: ["ctrl", "pert"]

Server Configuration
--------------------

The ``uw ecflow server`` command reads configuration from an ``ecflow: server:`` block:

.. code-block:: yaml

   ecflow:
     server:
       ECF_HOME: /path/to/run

All keys in the ``server:`` block are passed as environment variables to ``ecflow_server``. ``ECF_HOME`` is the only required key.

``ECF_SSL_DIR`` -- Optional. A path to a directory containing SSL certificate files (``dh2048.pem``, ``server.crt``, ``server.key``). When set, overrides the default location of ``$HOME/.ecflowrc/ssl``. For example:

.. code-block:: yaml

   ecflow:
     server:
       ECF_HOME: /path/to/run
       ECF_SSL_DIR: /shared/certs/ecflow

> Because ``ECF_SSL_DIR`` is a native ecflow environment variable, both ``ecflow_server`` and ``ecflow_client`` (including job child commands) read certificates from this directory automatically. Jobs that inherit ``ECF_SSL_DIR`` from the server environment will locate certificates without any additional symlinking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because ``ECF_SSL_DIR`` is a native ecFlow environment variable, both ``ecflow_server`` and ``ecflow_client`` (including job child commands) read certificates from this directory automatically. Jobs that inherit ``ECF_SSL_DIR`` from the server environment will locate certificates without any additional symlinking.
```

Author: Done.

> When ``--insecure`` is given to ``uw ecflow server``, SSL is disabled entirely and ``ECF_SSL_DIR`` is ignored.

Author: Done.

       MEM: ["01", "02"]
       LABEL: ["ctrl", "pert"]

Server Configuration
--------------------

> The ``uw ecflow server`` command reads configuration from an ``ecflow: server:`` block:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``uw ecflow server`` command reads configuration from an ``ecflow.server`` block:
```
We usually use this "dotted" notation for paths in UW YAML.

Author: Done.

.. code-block:: yaml

   ecflow:
     server:
       ECF_HOME: /path/to/run

All keys in the ``server:`` block are passed as environment variables to ``ecflow_server``. ``ECF_HOME`` is the only required key.

> ``ECF_SSL`` -- Optional. Controls SSL for the server. Accepts a boolean or a path string:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``ECF_SSL`` -- Optional. Controls SSL for the server. Accepts a boolean or a certificate-filename prefix string:
```

Author: Done.

- ``true`` (default when ``--insecure`` is not given): Enable SSL using the auto-provisioned certificate at ``$HOME/.ecflowrc/ssl/server.crt``.

> - A path string (e.g. ``/shared/certs/server.crt``): Enable SSL using the specified certificate file. The matching ``server.key`` and ``dh2048.pem`` must already exist alongside it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A certificate-filename prefix string (e.g. ``myhost.8888``): Enable SSL using the specified certificate file. Files with the given prefix and the extensions `.crt`, `.key`, and `.pem` must exist under `$HOME/.ecflowrc/ssl/`.
```

Author: Done.
